Modal accessibility content and images (#3303)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/modal/accessibility.mdx

  ListItem,
} from '@carbon/react';

<PageDescription>

> Design annotations are needed for specific instances shown below, but for the
> standard modal dialog component, Carbon already incorporates accessibility.

Reviewer: Edit to add clarity, I had to read the sentence a couple of times to make sure I understood it correctly. Just a suggestion.

```suggestion
Design annotations are needed for specific instances shown below, except for the
standard modal dialog component that Carbon already incorporates accessibility.
```

Author: @aagonzales That's the stock pre-amble. While I agree it can get improved on, I'm not sure the rewrite improves it enough.
For most components, we're conveying that 'you're all good.' For some, we're trying to convey 1) most of the stuff is taken care of 2) in some (but depending on the component, not all) situations you need to make some design annotations.
I suggest we come back to the pre-amble with fresh eyes after the holidays and do a global update once we get something everyone thinks is an improvement :)

Reviewer: Yeah that's fine to come back to this. I think its just the phrasing/sentence structure that is causing confusion for me. It would be great if we could have a content designer review the boilerplate intros and content.

modal’s controls until the modal is closed by choosing one of the buttons with
`Enter` or `Space`, or is dismissed by pressing `Esc`.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![illustration showing tab ring constrained within a modal with two buttons](images/modal-accessibility-1.png)

<Caption>
  Keyboard navigation is constrained to the dialog. Tab cycles through the
  components that take focus.
</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Esc closes a modal, while Space and Enter keys activate buttons](images/modal-accessibility-2.png)

<Caption>
  The dialog is resolved by the user pressing Esc or activating a button.
</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

### Focus handling

When the dialog appears, the first item that gets focus depends on the type of
dialog. Passive dialogs only contain a close button (X), so that takes focus.
For dialogs which prompt for confirmation or user decision, the primary button
takes focus (regardless of number of buttons). For destructive interactions, the
“cancel” button takes focus, not the red danger/delete button. The tab order
should proceed left and down from whichever item has focus then wrap back to the

> Close button (X).

Reviewer: Close would not be capitalized as it's not a proper noun nor in an emphasis style as a label. 
```suggestion
close button (X).
```

Author: technically it is the accessible label name, but I take your point :)

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![initial focus in the dialog varies across four types of modals](images/modal-accessibility-3.png)

<Caption>The first item with focus varies depending on dialog type.</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Design recommendations

### Designate the input that takes focus in a transactional

The only time the starting focus would not be on a button is where a dialog
contains input fields. For such transactional dialogs, designers should annotate
that the first input field should receive focus. Note that text links are not
considered a user input in this context.

> <DoDontRow>

Reviewer: Shouldn't the word focus in the image be capitalized? "Focus..."

<img width="779" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11670886/207985728-c8fe69d7-6920-444a-9512-1ef0fe5ac574.png">

Reviewer: Also I think the content in the images could be cleaned up and add a little more context like so (my image is just hacked together with a screen shot)

<img width="783" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11670886/207986829-bef9fd48-7ca5-4401-acc1-e7d78bd0ae62.png">

Author: @laurenmrice I'll let you tackle these image changes. "Focus" can be capitalized if that's preferred; no idea what you folks use for annotation conventions
